4Scripts Notes:

Figure out what characters cannot be used in the csv file.
Learn how to pull facts
For the upgrade ios module, make the shell script contain multiple ansible-playbook commands so that
When using the hosts file, copy the ansible vault creds along with the hosts_headers file. You can also have power shell prompt for the ansible vault password and build it on the windows machine.
How to run cron jobs
If they have search criteria, make it a two step process. Have them run get_output and mark the devices and then run send_commands or the ACL module.

Stuff to mention:
When the playbook opens up, you can edit it, save it and deploy it.
diffie-helman errors
Backup your hosts file before you start.
If you have a command that has prompts other than a restart or a file copy, insert it yourself.
Show then how to use plink or putty

Improvements:
Make second column for a second managed ACL. Or prompt for column
Make sure every option.py value is validated.
Make an ACL group called manual for single ACLs not part of a group. Make it so you can have mutiple manual groups and have their files in sub folders.
Make the options file 600
Ask if they used variables and do a simplified playbook if not.
Ask which variables they used to speed up task
Commands that have prompts
If the user has conditions, ask them what column they want to mark
Make a hosts file and a hosts record file
Have all variables in the options file and only prompt them if it is blank
In the get_output module, make a file called searches and allow them to specify a command and the search criteria
Figure out how to make the text editor open the playbook and hosts file.
If they have no search criteria and they are just running a backup, then search criteria can be blank
You can specify the location of the password file in ansible.cfg, that way you don't have to include it in the bash file
Allow them multiple hosts_header files
Configure a read-only account for pulling backups and facts
Check what variables the user used and only replace those variables
All devices must start with enable or not with enable

Regex notes:
Find a string on one line and then another string within a specified number or range of subsequent lines.
Common regexes: IP and subnet mask in CIDR and long, wild card mask.
Process file from bottom up

Questions for users:

get_output:
Did you specify your search criteria? (if set to 1)
What column do you want to mark? (if not specified)

search_output:
Do you want to run search criteria against a backup?

send_commands:
Did you use variables in your commands? (if not it will be faster)
Do you want to do a restart?
Do you want to do a write?

ACLs
Did you use variables?
Do you have any conditions? If so do you want to use an existing backup or pull a new one? What column do you want to mark?
Do you want to do a restart?
ACL group? - If they type manual, ask them the manual group name.
ACL column?


upgrade OS:


